Retrieval Models, the following are the queries:
->Stemmed queries/ Normal Queries:
1.parallel algorithm / parallel algorithms
2.appli stochast process / applied stochastic processes
3. distribut comput structur and algorithm / distributed computing structures and algorithms

For BM25 Retrieval Model( Stemmed vs Non-Stemmed Version):
Query 1:
This query has 16 common in the top 20 Documents for the above models.
The high similarity is because we can see that one of the terms i.e parallel is same for both the versions of the
query.
Query 2:
This query has 9 common in the top 20 Documents for the above models. The less similarity is because we can see
that all these words have been stemmed to their root stem word,  applied-->appli, stochastic -->stochast and
 processes-->process in the stemmed version of the query.
Query 3:
This query has 4 documents in common in the top 20 documents for the above models. The least similarity is because
the query is long and all the terms except “and” have been stemmed to their root stem word in the stemmed version
of the query.
It can be concluded that in all the three queries, stemming has the most amount of impact on this query as it is
long and all the terms are also stemmed which causes most of the documents in the top 20 ranked documents to be
different.
For QLM Retrieval Modell( Stemmed vs Non-Stemmed Version):
Query 1:
This query has 17 documents in common in the top 20 documents for the above models. The high similarity is because
the query is short and has 1 term in common in both the versions of the query.
Query 2:
This query has 12 documents in common in the top 20 documents for the above models. We can say that this models
reacts better to stemming as compared to the BM25 Model.
Query 3:
This query has 8 documents in common in the top 20 documents for the above models. The less similarity is because
the query is long and all terms have been stemmed to their root stem word in the stemmed version of the query.
We can also say that this model reacts better to stemming as compared to the BM25 Model.
We will now be doing analysis between 2 Retrieval Models for the following non stemmed queries:
